Top 3 things to be Considered when buying crypto

A vast number of people across the globe are engaged in Cryptocurrency trading. Its because crypto trading is the best method to earn huge profits. Base on the rise and fall of crypto, we will consider three things  when buying crypto:

1.The Total and Circulating Supply 
2.Price History
3.Where and how to Trade

1.The Total and Circulating Supply 

The Total Supply of a Coin Represents the maximum or the total number of coins mined into the market or put into the market. The maximum supply of a cryptocurrency also refers to the maximum number of coins or tokens that will be ever created, but when the maximum supply is reached, there will be fewer coins available on the market. Maximum supply quantifies the maximum amount of coins that will ever exist, including the coins that will be mined or made available in the future.
Circulating supply of Coin Represents the flow of coins within the market that is been used for trading activity. The circulating supply of coins can be termed as the number of cryptocurrency coins or tokens that are publicly available and moving within the market.
As a newbie in the crypto-World, you should be able to know the value of Coin being traded in the market before jumping into buying any coin of your choice, so you don't have to lose a wholesome of Money(i.e Try to do quality research on the coin you have in mind, to know the quantity of Coin available in the market)

Price History
Cryptocurrencies are Unpredictable. This is because they are highly volatile, this is cause base on the hypes, pump and lack of regulation. It's very essential to checkout of the Coin History you are about to buy. Checking out the history of Coin price is like going back to the family history of your spouse to be. This will help your state of mind to be able to foresee the movement of your coin base on history. I will like to Recommend some Free websites that archived the price in the past: Investopedia, Statista, etc. so that you can have a plan and stick to when opening a position(i.e starting to trade by setting your set target and stop-loss).
This stage helps you not to fall a victim to greed, by being strict with your profit targets and stop-loss orders, which will minimise your risk of losing.



Choose A Secure Wallet
A Wallet is a  digital asset that is so it’s important to choose wisely to ensure security and ease of access.
For beginner traders, it’s advisable to trade through a reputable broker(A Broker is a firm or an individual that acts as an intermediary between the crypto markets to facilitate buying and selling of cryptocurrencies.), such as Coinbase, Luno and use the wallet they provide. There are multiple options out there, all with their features and functionality. If you’re looking to choose your wallet, though, you’ll need to decide which type is right for you.
These are few things to be considered when choosing the right One:
Rating: a classification or ranking of someone or something based on a comparative assessment of their quality, standard, or performance. The least rating that should be considered is 3 stars which is the average. 
Customer's review: As a newbie in Crypto, Patience is the key to have successful trading. You must be able to read the review of an existing user of the trading platform you want to make use of. Do not leave any review unread whether positive or Negative Comments.
Existence: You should go to the company's About page, read about how long they having been operating in the crypto-World. There are a lot of Scammers out there that are ready to Psiphon away your money. Go on Youtube if need be just to gain their trust.
Finally, you need to get yourself a mentor, or a website or Course that will give you the relevant information needed e.g BabyPips, Investopedia, Coursera etc.


